Add more documentation about PORO decorator requirements (#7556)
activeadmin/activeadmin: docs/11-decorators.md

end
```

If you include comments on resources, your decorator class must respond to

> `model` returning a resource, and `decorated?` returning true.

Reviewer: Are you referring to "comments" as an example association for the example below or ActiveAdmin comments module?

Author: I'm referring to  "comments" as an ActiveAdmin comments module.

Author: For example, if you have disabled comments as follows,

```ruby
ActiveAdmin.register Post do
  config.comments = false
end
```

your decorator class doesn't require `model` and `decorated?`.

Reviewer: Ha, I thought it was the former so glad I ask. Thanks. I'd suggest this to clarify.

```suggestion
If a given resource uses ActiveAdmin's Comments feature, then that resource's decorator class must respond to
`model` where it returns the resource and `decorated?` returns true.
```

Author: Thank you very much for your suggestion 🤩

```ruby
# app/decorators/post_decorator.rb
class PostDecorator
  attr_reader :post
  delegate_missing_to :post

  def initialize(post)
    @post = post
  end

  def decorated?
    true
  end

  def model
    post
  end
end
```

If you use any actions with param(e.g. show, edit, destroy), your decorator

> class must respond to `to_param`.

Reviewer: Are you saying that for any action with a default id parameter, the decorator requires this? Or its only required if you choose a different parameter other then the default id?

Author: I intended the former.

Author: For example, if you choose a different parameter as follows,

```ruby
ActiveAdmin.register Post do
  decorate_with PostDecorator
  
  controller do
    def find_resource
      scoped_collection.where(name: params[:id]).first!
    end
  end
end

# app/models/post.rb
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  def to_param
    name
  end
end
```

your decorator class require `to_param` and returning name.

```ruby
class PostDecorator
  attr_reader :post
  delegate_missing_to :post

  def initialize(post)
    @post = post
  end

  def to_param
    post.name
  end
end
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm still confused by this one since you said its the former but showing where the parameter is customized. Are you saying that if `to_param` is overridden in the model, then the decorator should also respond to that method? Or actually just delegate to it no?

Author: Sorry for the lack of clarity 🙏 
PORO decorator always includes Object class in ancestor classes, so it can respond to `to_param`.
This means that if you expect the PORO decorator's `to_param` to act as decorated model's `to_param`, we need to explicitly delegate `to_param` to the decorated model.
From the above, I realized that my proposed code could be a bit more concise and clear.

```diff
  # app/decorators/post_decorator.rb
  class PostDecorator
    attr_reader :post
    delegate_missing_to :post
+   delegate :to_param, to: :post

    def initialize(post)
      @post = post
    end
- 
-   def to_param
-     post.id
-   end
  end
```

Reviewer 2: The additional clarification makes sense to me, can you include it in this patch?

Author: Thank you for your feedback, I update this path!

cf. https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/pull/7556/commits/d7c8a38acd563fc4e14aa9307f7b371d6d7febe9
